bluetooth: samples: Add sample showing basic channel sounding features (#79499)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: ble_cs
   :name: Channel Sounding
   :relevant-api: bt_gap bluetooth

   Use Channel Sounding functionality.

> 
> 
> Bluetooth: Channel Sounding
> ###########################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A basic distance estimation algorithm is included in both.
The Channel Sounding feature does not mandate a specific algorithm for computing distance estimates,
but the mathematical representation described in [#phase_and_amplitude]_ and [#rtt_packets]_ is used
as a starting point for these samples.

Distance estimation using channel sounding requires data from two devices, and for that reason
the channel sounding results in the sample are exchanged in a simple way using a GATT characteristic.
This limits the amount of data that can be processed at once to about 512 bytes from each device,
which is enough to estimate distance using a handful of RTT timings and PBR phase samples across
about 35-40 channels, assuming a single antenna path.

Both samples will perform channel sounding procedures repeatedly and print regular distance estimates to
the console. They are designed assuming a single subevent per procedure.

Diagrams illustrating the steps involved in setting up channel sounding procedures between two
connected devices are available in [#cs_setup_phase]_ and [#cs_start]_.

Requirements
************

> * Two boards with BLE and Channel Sounding support (such as an nRF54L15 devkit from Nordic Semi)
> * A controller that supports the Channel Sounding feature (such as the SoftDevice Controller)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Two boards with Bluetooth LE and Channel Sounding support (such as an nRF54L15 devkit from Nordic Semiconductor)
* A controller that supports the Channel Sounding feature (such as the Nordic SoftDevice Controller)
```

> * A controller that supports the Channel Sounding feature (such as the Nordic SoftDevice Controller)

Reviewer 3: This has me wondering a little bit. Ideally we shouldn't need to have references to specific boards, rather there should be an easy way to search for upstream supported boards which support a certain Bluetooth core spec version or specific Bluetooth feature. Should you perhaps at least reference the exact board board target, or have a link to the board's upstream documentation page?

As for the controller reference, I think that's even worse, since you're now referring to something which doesn't exist upstream, or rather directing the user to a downstream proprietary tree. I'm not sure we should be doing such things in the upstream tree. A slightly better situation would be some other proprietary controller which *is* buildable upstream (using `west blobs`), but I'm not sure generic samples should be encouraging that either.

@carlescufi any thoughts here?

Reviewer 2: > Ideally we shouldn't need to have references to specific boards, rather there should be an easy way to search for upstream supported boards which support a certain Bluetooth core spec version or specific Bluetooth feature.

I agree, that would be nice but this is outside of the scope of this PR.

> Should you perhaps at least reference the exact board board target, or have a link to the board's upstream documentation page?

I agree, here is a suggestion @olivier-le-sage:

```suggestion
* Two boards with Bluetooth LE and Channel Sounding support (such as an `nRF54L15 DK`_)
* A controller that supports the Channel Sounding feature
```

.. zephyr:code-sample:: ble_cs
   :name: Channel Sounding
   :relevant-api: bt_gap bluetooth

   Use Channel Sounding functionality.

Bluetooth: Channel Sounding
###########################

Overview
********

These samples demonstrates how to use the Bluetooth Channel Sounding feature.

The CS Test sample shows how to us the CS test command to override randomization of certain channel
sounding parameters, experiment with different configurations, or evaluate the RF medium. It can
be found under :zephyr_file:`samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding/cs_test`.

The connected CS sample shows how to set up regular channel sounding procedures on a connection
between two devices.
It can be found under :zephyr_file:`samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding/connected_cs`

> 

Reviewer 4: Would it be possible to add a simple message sequence chart visualizing how the samples are obtained and exchanged?

Author: added references to some MSCs in the spec. The rest is just a simple GATT write

A basic distance estimation algorithm is included in both.
The Channel Sounding feature does not mandate a specific algorithm for computing distance estimates,
but the mathematical representation described in [#phase_and_amplitude]_ and [#rtt_packets]_ is used
as a starting point for these samples.

Distance estimation using channel sounding requires data from two devices, and for that reason
the channel sounding results in the sample are exchanged in a simple way using a GATT characteristic.
This limits the amount of data that can be processed at once to about 512 bytes from each device,
which is enough to estimate distance using a handful of RTT timings and PBR phase samples across
about 35-40 channels, assuming a single antenna path.

Both samples will perform channel sounding procedures repeatedly and print regular distance estimates to
the console. They are designed assuming a single subevent per procedure.

Requirements
************

* A board with BLE support

> * A controller that supports the Channel Sounding feature

Reviewer 4: Here we could suggest running it on a Nordic board with the SoftDevice Controller as this is the only known configuration which works

Building and Running
********************

These samples can be found under :zephyr_file:`samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding` in
the Zephyr tree.

See :zephyr:code-sample-category:`bluetooth` samples for details.

> 

Reviewer 4: Can we add a sections "Testing" and "Sample output" like we do for samples in NCS https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/samples/bluetooth/event_trigger/README.rst? 

Then it will be easier for users of the sample to identify if something unexpected happens
